Improves import and installation documentation (#36)
wwt/SwiftCurrent: wiki/Getting-Started.md

# Interested in seeing examples of Workflow in action?

Start by cloning the repo and checking out the 'WorkflowExample' scheme. This should give you a decent idea of how the library works.  If you want to create a new project, read on.

# CocoaPods with Storyboards

## Adding the dependency

```ruby
pod 'DynamicWorkflow/UIKit'
```

Add the above line to your Podfile.

> For information on importing and more installation instructions, check out our [Installation](https://github.com/wwt/Workflow/wiki/Installation) page.

Author: Specifically interested in feedback on this verbiage. I feel like it should probably directly call out that SPM details are here

# Interested in seeing examples of SwiftCurrent in action?

Start by cloning the repo and checking out the 'SwiftCurrentExample' scheme. This should give you a decent idea of how the library works.  If you want to create a new project, read on.

# Swift Package Manager with Storyboards

## Adding the dependency

> For instructions on SPM and other package managers, [check out our intstallation page.](https://github.com/wwt/SwiftCurrent/wiki/Installation#swift-package-manager)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on SPM and CocoaPods, [check out our intstallation page.](https://github.com/wwt/SwiftCurrent/wiki/Installation#swift-package-manager)
```
